---
title: 'Introduction to This Website'
date: 2021-07-10
permalink: /posts/2021/07/intro/
tags:
  - website
---

Welcome readers! This website is created for documentation of my research, personal experiences, as well as a platform to share my thoughts on the topics I find interesting. 

I started this little side project of building a personal website on July 2020. Having no experience and knowledge on web development, I think have gone through the cycle of building, scrapping, and starting over a new build for multiple times by now. Suffice to say after one year, it is all coming together now!

For those who also liked the idea of making a personal website, there are plenty of platforms out there such as WordPress or Wix which are quite useful for making professional sites. Although to get a clean, ad-free site from these tools, you might to have to pay some premium. So I take a different approach where I explore static site generators such as [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) or [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) that allows me to create HTML from Markdown files. While the resulting site is static (no user interactivity), this still serve my documentation purpose and more importantly, static sites could be hosted for free with [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/). 

On the downside, building this site is a bit time-consuming, especially if you dont know anything about web development like me. Some (a little bit) coding is also required. Though all-in-all, I prefer this approach as it definitely gives me more control on the customization aspect compared to the usual method.       


